[Music]
uh
how can we help
but then what now
[Applause]
welcome to willie's wonderland spend the
night cleaning willie's wonderland
and i will pay to have your car fixed
deal
you are officially on staff let's get
the hell out of here
i can't stand to hear a grown man scream
this place
has a dark history i know the [ __ ]
story they told you
it's a lie you're here to be a human
sacrifice
have you been listening to a word i've
been saying
he's gonna die in here but he won't
listen to me
[Music]
machines got out
nobody is safe put your balls on
evan we're going to willys
not trapped in here with them we are
trapped in here with him
it's birthday time i enjoy a man a few
words
i'm 23 years old and
sometimes i wonder if life was wasted on
me
[Music]
i take all the beautiful things to heart
until i about die from it
[Music]
the first thing hey i'm really happy
you're here
why is that because i like you but there
never seems to be
i joined the army why would you do that
sometimes i feel like i've already seen
everything that's gonna happen
and it's a nightmare
[Music]
my one true accomplishment was not dummy
i have this noise in my head it'll stop
one day it'll go quiet i don't imagine
that anyone goes in for a robbery if
they're not in some kind of desperation
i've been at this a while now and it's
no secret what my face looks like
get on the ground one thing about
robbing banks is you're mostly robbing
women so the last thing you want to be
is rude
ma'am it's nothing personal
[Music]
you're gonna make it through this i love
you
can you look back to when you met the
one you loved the most
you remember exactly how it was
what you saw in her that made you say
yes this is what i came here for
sometimes i feel like i've already seen
everything that's gonna happen
and it's a nightmare
[Music]
i have a picture in my head of a place
i don't know if it's real
[Music]
but it has a feeling and the feeling's
real
i'm i love hi dad i wanted to talk to
you about my graduation
i'm going to be there in the bleachers
i'm going to see you in your let me let
me how about i call you back
taking the day off in here your boss
wants to see you
i got a whiskey double you're real
sorry i want to show you something
really cool
you see all these people outside they're
not real
this is our simulation you ready
there's my guy welcome home this place
is overwhelming
dr isabelle clemens pioneered brain box
simulations
ugly simulated worlds to generate
appreciation for the real world
why am i not remembering any of this
don't worry about it
there you go most people say ignorances
please
but i say you have to experience the
good
[Music]
to appreciate that
you know the other way around exactly
i'm glad i caught you word on the street
there have been problems with isabella's
research
i'm a little disoriented you're my guy
dad graduation i did not forget it's
been a crazy few days i graduated two
weeks ago
ignore her she's not real she feels real
i'm scared your head's not on straight
it's almost like a trick being played
greg this is really bad so how do we fix
it
one of these days you're going to have
to choose
between these worlds
it's amazing how easy
humans can get used to even something
spectacular
growing up in a religious town like ours
sins were dreaded
even feared you and your little posse
are parading around school calling
yourselves the seven deadly sins
from now on you will walk in the path of
the lord
once people started calling us the sins
everything changed
ladies it's time we take our sins
to the next level thomas spirit
what's going on this is the devil chant
[Music]
he wants to meet you he wants you to say
his name
aubrey miller she went missing last
night we're all in this together okay
satan trembles when he sees god face to
face
they are asking for trouble with that
behavior
[Music]
stop
i'm going insane
we are so tired of being good little
girls
don't you want to be bad for once in
your life
[Music]
superheroes stand watch when danger
closes in
and save those in need but they have one
thing in common
they never show up in the real world
until ulysses
every superhero comes to us with a
purpose
we don't always see it at first
[Music]
because we don't always know where to
look
what is this i am ulysses
born a new holy unanticipated
occurrences
did you type this
he's a superhero but
do you have any enemies i'm here about
the squirrel
danger lurks everywhere
is he he's flying
[Music]
there was a change in the air
and the world was filling with
excitement
who's hungry
now come on people look to the skies for
someone to save them
so the universe sent us
ulysses
can you talk okay that's not really
talking but
still
tuesday january 1st 1856.
with little pride and less hope
we begin the new year
[Music]
who is that good afternoon
i'm tally abigail
[Music]
i hope i'm not keeping you from
something i'm glad you've come
meeting you has made my day oh how
pleasant and uncommon it is to make
someone's day
i guess i'm supposed to offer a toast
what my husband means is he's so happy
to finally get together
did you miss me yes
[Music]
our farm is a slaughterhouse right now
my husband is killing his hawks
and i resolve to visit you so that there
would be something in my day other than
his meanness
so what do you think what do you think
about us i don't know how to put it into
words
it's been my experience that it's not
always those who show the least
you actually feel the least
now seven an earthquake knocked down our
house newborn
earthquake the dread never fully went
away
what was safe if the solid earth could
do that
when the day is done my mind turns to
her
and i think why are we to be separated
i don't feel i have a wife i have
certain expectations and you have
certain duties
we shall sing like birds in a cage
we haven't seen you for days have you
been ill
what's happening are you in danger
i would die without you you know what
memory it is that i most cherish
it's if you're turning to me with that
smile once you realized
that you were loved
astonishment and joy
i can't get this thing done
nothing worse than a sticky zipper
i appreciate that
you're gonna dream yourself to death son
you gotta live in the real world
[Music]
what brings you to tuscaloosa
that young lady was not what she's seen
i'm afraid she's not very stable
i'm not crazy
she's not your plaything don't go
messing with her
[Music]
billy you know what the word tuscaloosa
means
it's a new time now you're either part
of the problem
but you part of the solution
i'm fixing to make you respectable
[Music]
i believe i'm coming to an understanding
tuscaloosa's white power league and they
want to keep it that way
i think your daddy's on to us
there's some bad stuff going on in town
you're gonna have to figure out what
side of the line you stand up
what have you done
[Music]
are you crazy what crazy about me
there you go one true path and that's
the one you want
you